tiltfile2: use a new syntax (#810)
windmilleng/tilt: docs/write_your_tiltfile.md

# Write Your Tiltfile

A Tiltfile can be broken down in to three things: Kubernetes YAML, Docker images and resources. In this doc we'll step through all three concepts so you can learn to write your own Tiltfiles with gusto!

> To start here's an illustrative example that uses most of the features of Tilt.

Reviewer: I'm a bit hesitant about the use of "most" here. Maybe I've got skewed values, but I feel like it's already missing key features, and is likely to be missing more features in the future (like once we have some kind of group_by)

```python
## Part 1: Kubernetes YAML
k8s_yaml("k8s.yaml")               # one yaml file
k8s_yaml(['foo.yaml', 'bar.yaml']) # list of yaml files
k8s_yaml(kustomize('config_dir'))  # run kustomize to generate yaml
k8s_yaml(local('gen_k8s_yaml.py')) # run a custom command to general yaml

## Part 2: Images
docker_build("companyname/frontend", "frontend") # docker build <path>
docker_build("companyname/backend", "backend", dockerfile="backend/Dockerfile.dev") # docker build with specific Dockerfile
docker_build("companyname/graphql", "graphql", args={"target": "local"} # docker build with build args

## Part 3: Resources

> k8s_resource("backend", img="companyname/backend/server") # give a resource a name that's different than the base name of the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k8s_resource("backend", img="companyname/backend/server") # by default, resources are named after the basename of the image (here, `server`). This gives it a different name (`backend`)
```

k8s_resource("frontend", port_forwards=9000) # connect to a specific local port
```

Let's dig in to each of these sections in detail.

## Part 1: Kubernetes YAML

> Start  by telling Tilt about your Kubernetes YAML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by telling Tilt about your Kubernetes YAML:
```

```python
k8s_yaml("k8s.yaml")               # one yaml file
```

> Now Tilt will parse the YAML and deploy. A `k8s_yaml` function call is all you need to have a functioning Tiltfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now Tilt will deploy any k8s objects defined in the yaml. A `k8s_yaml` function call is all you need to have a functioning Tiltfile.
```

or at least give "deploy" some kind of direct object
